# Church Micro Stats

A userscript that shows Church Micro cache stats on geocaching.com. It adds the [Church Micro stats](http://15ddv.me.uk/geo/cm/index.html) banner in the following places:

* the Stats Bar area of your account dashboard (old UI);
* the sidebar of your account dashboard (new UI)
* your public profile, if it doesn't already exist there (old and new UIs);
* other users' profiles, if it doesn't already exist there (old and new UIs);
* SideTracked cache pages.

On cache pages it adds the C. O.'s banner as well.

## Credits

This is JRI's Church Micro Stats script updated to work on the latest version of geocaching.com.

The original is at https://openuserjs.org/scripts/JRI/Church_Micro_Stats but hasn't been updated since 2015.

Thanks and credit should go to James for his efforts.

__Please note:__ in order for the banner to be added to your public profile, you need to have some content in the "Bio" area (old UI) or About tab (new UI). If this area is empty, the necessary container is not generated by the site. An empty HTML comment (&#60;!-- --&#62;) is sufficient and prevents the need for unwanted output in your profile. This is also true for James' Church Micro Stats. This may be fixed in a later version.

__Update:__ This should no longer be true in the new UI.

## Version History

### Version 0.3.0

* Added a configuration dialogue which allows you to select the brand displayed on the banner.
* Updated branding to include the CofE levels beyond saint/5000 finds and added the secular levels.
* Improved the banner tooltip formatting. It now wraps for neatness and readability.
* Improved start-up efficiency, avoided unnecessary console output.

### Version 0.2.3

* Prevented the widget from appearing on all account pages.

### Version 0.2.2

* Prevented the widget from appearing on the user dashboard page.

### Version 0.2.1

* The widget wasn't displaying on the new profile page.
* Adjusted metadata.

### Version 0.2.0

* Fixed some pages not displaying the widget.
* Changed all URLs to use https.
* Improved display on old profile pages

### Version 0.1.0

* Initial release by me. From memory, James incorporated these changes into his release as I disabled this repo some time later.
* Updated to work with the new web site.
* Still supports the old interface.
* The script now doesn't check whether the badge already exists on a user's profile page because GC have moved the user content to an iframe, which causes cross-site scripting issues.
